README.md, before:

https://vorks.github.io/mt-sketchbook/

# Getting Started

## `npm install`

Should install all npm packages.

## `npm start`

Should open browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). If not, navigate to it manually.

# Known limitations

## App functionality limitations

- Drawings are not erasable
- No drawing customisation
- Drawings are not saved, only stored for the session
- Not responsive
- Relies on some CSS spec that may not work on potential browser targets (flex, brightness())

## Implementation limitations

- Relying on create-react-app
- Deployed to github-pages
- Styling solution would struggle in a larger app

# Potential improvements

## App funcationality improvements

- Responsive design
- Customisable drawing (colors, sizes, shapes, etc.)
- Undo/redo
- Eraser
- Save drawings / sketchbook
- Accounts
- URL/id/name per page
- Page permissions (private, public, unlisted)
- Shareable pages
- Page notes

## Implementation improvements

- SSR
- Serverless
- CSS in JS / other react/js css library/solution

# Task

![Task](https://i.imgur.com/nl5xU5m.png)

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Added page scrolling limitation to readme

README.md, after:

https://vorks.github.io/mt-sketchbook/

# Getting Started

## `npm install`

Should install all npm packages.

## `npm start`

Should open browser to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). If not, navigate to it manually.

# Known limitations

## App functionality limitations

- Drawings are not erasable
- No drawing customisation
- Drawings are not saved, only stored for the session
- Not responsive
- Relies on some CSS spec that may not work on potential browser targets (flex, brightness())

## Implementation limitations

- Drawing issues on mobile due to page scrolling
- Relying on create-react-app
- Deployed to github-pages
- Styling solution would struggle in a larger app

# Potential improvements

## App funcationality improvements

- Responsive design
- Customisable drawing (colors, sizes, shapes, etc.)
- Undo/redo
- Eraser
- Save drawings / sketchbook
- Accounts
- URL/id/name per page
- Page permissions (private, public, unlisted)
- Shareable pages
- Page notes

## Implementation improvements

- SSR
- Serverless
- CSS in JS / other react/js css library/solution

# Task

![Task](https://i.imgur.com/nl5xU5m.png)

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
